DOCS-7250 copy to edits (#38)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/edits/download-and-install-service-mesh.adoc

= Downloading and Installing Service Mesh
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: service mesh, microservices, downloading, installing

image::install-service-mesh-breadcrumb.png[]

 
== Download Anypoint Service Mesh Client

> You install, manage, and troubleshoot your Anypoint Service Mesh using the Anypoint Service Mesh client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You install, manage, and troubleshoot your Anypoint Service Mesh instance by using the Anypoint Service Mesh client. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

To download the Anypoint Service Mesh client, type the following command at the command prompt:

`curl -Ls http://anypoint.mulesoft.com/servicemesh/xapi/v1/install > service-mesh && chmod +x service-mesh`

> The Anypoint Service Mesh client is now downloaded on your file system.

Reviewer: Per my previous edits, I don't think it is necessary to follow a task with a comment saying that it achieved what it set out to achieve. I would end with the final step, unless there is something additional that the user must look for or do or move to next.

Author: Removed! Thanks!

== Install Anypoint Service Mesh

> When you invoke the installer, Istio, Service Catalog, Anypoint Service Mesh Broker, and ClusterIP Service components are installed in your Kubernetes cluster. The installer performs several steps as part of the installation, such as checking for dependencies and performing various configurations. 

Reviewer: This text should set the user expectation for the two subtopics: with and without proxy.

Author: Added this:
You can install Anypoint Service Mesh with or without a proxy. The installation procedure differs based on the option you choose.

=== Install without Proxy

> To install Anypoint Service Mesh, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: This makes no mention of proxy, which is in the title. Clarify.

Author: Done! Thanks!

. In the location from which you downloaded your Anypoint Service Mesh client, type:
+
`./service-mesh install`
+

> The `Welcome to Anypoint Service Mesh installer` message is displayed.

Reviewer: I would omit

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Enter your client ID that you obtained as part of the prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter your client ID.
```

Author: No want to keep it as reminder.

> . Enter your client secret that you obtained as part of the prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter your client secret.
```
Instead of referring to this IN the steps, consider a comment in the task intro about having already met the prereqs, maybe even a link. This repeated wording is awkward.

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Enter the path where your Anypoint Service Mesh license is stored.
+
Anypoint Service Mesh installs within few minutes and displays a status: 
+
image::service-mesh-installer-output.png[Example Installation Output]
+
If an installation error occurs, the installer times out and uninstalls all previously installed Anypoint Service Mesh components.
. Verify the status of all pods:
+
`kubectl get pods -n service-mesh`
+
Anypoint Service Mesh is installed and a status of all pods is displayed:
+
image::verified-service-mesh-installer-output.png[]

=== Install with Proxy

If you need to install Anypoint Service Mesh in a proxy environment, provide the proxy configuration during the installation. 

. In the location from which you downloaded your Anypoint Service Mesh client, type:
+
`./service-mesh install --clientId=<clientId> --clientSecret=<clientSecret> --license=<license absolute or relative path> --platformUri=<Anypoint Platform Uri> --proxyHost=<host> --proxyProtocol=<protocol> --proxyPort=<port> --proxyUser=<proxy username> --proxyPassword=<proxy password>`
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===

> | Parameter Name | Description | Required/Optional | Default Value

Reviewer: GLOBAL
```suggestion
| Parameter Name | Description | Required or Optional | Default Value
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | `clientId` | The client ID of the environment (recommended) or the organization. Use the client ID that you obtained as part of performing the permission and roles prerequisites. | Required | None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId` | The client ID of the environment (recommended) or the organization | Required | None
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId` | The client ID of the environment (recommended) or the organization | Required | None
```

Author: Kept it for now. Users were having difficulty with this.

> | `clientSecret` | The client secret of the environment (recommended) or the organization. Use the client secret that you obtained as part of performing the permission and roles prerequisites.| Required | None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientSecret` | The client secret of the environment (recommended) or the organization| Required | None
```

Author: Kept it based on my previous comment.

> | `license` | The Anypoint Service Mesh license you obtained as part of the prerequisites. Provide the path to the location where you license is stored. | Required | None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `license` | The path to the location where your license is stored | Required | None
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | `platformUri` | The URL of the proxy.| Optional | https://anypoint.mulesoft.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `platformUri` | The URL of the proxy| Optional | https://anypoint.mulesoft.com
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | `proxyHost` | The name of the proxy host. | Optional | None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `proxyHost` | The name of the proxy host | Optional | None
```
GLOBALLY remove periods from the end of table column descriptions that are not complete sentences.
Try to make column entries parallel. If even one MUST be a sentence, then all of them must end with periods.

Reviewer: I will stop removing the periods for you, to cut down on the number of review comments. Please go through and fix.

Author: OK Done! Thanks!
